Monika  0:02  
Hey, hi everyone. Hello, guys, hi, hi. So guys, first, can we just discuss about our project?

Venu  0:13  
Yeah, that's what. We had a meeting.

Monika  0:18  
Okay, so first, let's, let's understand the assignment. Okay, so we need to analyze the privacy policies and compare them with jdpr and CCPA, right? Yeah, that's true.

NagaKarthik K  0:33  
So, so we can divide the works.

Speaker 1  0:41  
Like dividing like, you can choose which sector you want to work on. Like, example, I want to work like entertainment and shopping services regarding the policies and the term. And if you want to work on your financials or entertainment, you can go through, yeah.

Venu  0:56  
Have you all gone through the guidelines, which is probably the professor? Yeah, yeah. We need to select like, eight privacy policies, and we need to upload that in GitHub, and from that, we can do our individual analysis for the four of them. We need to take

Monika  1:15  
eight services first and have to dump everything in the GitHub, and then you have to choose four right from that,

Venu  1:22  
yeah, but it should not be overlapped. So everyone post what they are working with,

Monika  1:27  
yeah, sure, sure. I'm gonna, I was thinking to do Google services. So, yeah, yeah, I'm gonna land on Google services.

NagaKarthik K  1:38  
Okay, then I will take care of financial service, like Bank of America paper, I can go for it.

NagaKarthik K  1:45  
Okay. What about you?

Venu  1:48  
Veno, yeah, I'm thinking to do on, like, some social communication, and

Venu  1:56  
I was planning to do on LinkedIn,

Venu  2:00  
what else, yeah, Slack, yeah, Dropbox, sounds great. Yeah, one more, yeah, oh yeah, that's what, yes, LinkedIn, oh yeah. Twitter, bye, bye, yeah, LinkedIn, Twitter, Slack and Dropbox

Venu  2:21  
analyst on this,

NagaKarthik K  2:23  
okay, then we gonna do the individual analysis and we can meet in library, yeah.

Monika  2:28  
So also we need to follow the same structure, like data collection sharing, yeah, jdpr and TCPA, okay, yeah, it works. Okay. Meet sometime, yeah, again, discuss. If you guys

NagaKarthik K  2:44  
do anything else, you can official.

Monika  2:49  
If I change any services, I'll let you know in the group. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, okay, bye, bye, yeah.

Speaker 1  2:55  
Like, how many we need to put, like, eight out of four, right? Yeah, eight of

Venu  3:00  
eight to 10. It depends eight to 10, minimum, eight, more than eight? Yeah, we can do more than eight. Minimum should be eight, right? Yeah, yeah, minimum should be eight. And for individual thing, like the minimum should be three, I guess three to whatever. Okay, yeah,

Monika  3:17  
okay, then let's find out this session, yeah,

Venu  3:24  
so that it won't overtap, yeah, that's what, yeah, we can. We can. Thank you guys. See you. Yeah. See you guys.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
